1. color - sets the color of text
2. background-color - sets the background color of an element
3. font-size - sets the size of the font
4. font-family - sets the font family
5. text-align - aligns text
6. margin - sets the margin around an element
7. padding - sets the padding inside an element
8. border - sets the border around an element
9. border-radius - sets the rounded corners of an element
10. box-shadow - adds a shadow to an element
11. display - specifies the display behavior of an element
12. position - specifies the position of an element
13. float - sets the float of an element
14. clear - clears the float of an element
15. z-index - sets the stack order of an element
16. opacity - sets the opacity of an element
17. transition - adds a transition effect to an element
18. transform - applies a 2D or 3D transformation to an element
19. flexbox - creates flexible and responsive layouts
20. grid - creates a grid-based layout
21. font-style - sets the style of the font
22. font-weight - sets the weight of the font
23. font-variant - sets the font variant
24. text-transform - transforms text to uppercase, lowercase, or capitalize
25. text-indent - indents the first line of text within an element
26. text-overflow - specifies how overflowed content should be displayed
27. text-rendering - sets the quality of text rendering
28. text-shadow - adds a shadow to text
29. text-underline-position - sets the position of the underline in text
30. word-break - specifies how words should break when reaching the end of a line
31. word-spacing - sets the spacing between words
32. writing-mode - sets the direction of the text
33. box-decoration-break - specifies how box-decoration properties are applied to broken elements
34. box-shadow - adds a shadow to an element
35. box-sizing - sets how the total width and height of an element is calculated
36. height - sets the height of an element
37. width - sets the width of an element
38. min-height - sets the minimum height of an element
39. min-width - sets the minimum width of an element
40. max-height - sets the maximum height of an element
41. text-decoration - decorates text
42. line-height - sets the distance between lines of text
43. word-wrap - wraps long words to prevent overflow
44. white-space - specifies how white space inside an element is handled
45. letter-spacing - sets the spacing between characters
46. text-shadow - adds a shadow to text
47. box-sizing - sets how the total width and height of an element is calculated
48. overflow - specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box
49. cursor - specifies the type of cursor to be displayed
50. background-image - sets the background image of an element
51. background-size - sets the size of the background image
52. background-position - sets the position of the background image
53. background-repeat - sets how the background image is repeated
54. opacity - sets the opacity of an element
55. filter - applies visual effects to an element
56. clip-path - clips an element to a specified shape
57. perspective - sets the perspective view for 3D transformations
58. transform-style - sets how child elements are positioned in 3D space
59. backface-visibility - specifies whether or not the back face of an element should be visible
60. user-select - specifies whether or not the user can select text

61. Letter-spacing- Sets the space between characters in text
62. column-count- Divides an element into the specified number of columns
63. column-fill-Specifies how divided columns are filled.
64. column-gap- Specifies the space between divided columns.
65. column-rule- Sets the style, width, and color of a column divider.
66. column-span-Sets number of divided columns an element should span.
67. content- Used to insert content before or after an element.
68. Empty-cell- Specifies whether empty table cell borders will be displayed.
69. Direction- Specifies the text writing direction of a block-level element.
70. Flex-shrink- Specifies how a flex item can shrink inside the container.
71. Grid-area- Sets the size and location of grid items in a grid container.
72. Grid-auto-columns- Specifies the size of the columns in a grid container
73. @Keyframes- Defines the CSS style to animate.
74. @Import- Imports a style sheet inside another style sheet.
75. Object-fit- Specifies how an image or video fits inside a container.
76. Object-position-Specifies the image or video position inside a container.
77. Order-Specifies the order of an item in a flex container.
78. Hyphens- Specifies hyphenation with wrap opportunities in a line of text.
79. Margin- Sets the margin (outside spacing) for an element
80. Margin-buttom-Sets the bottom margin (outside spacing) for an element.
81. Margin-left- Sets the left margin (outside spacing) for an element.
82. Margin-right- Sets the right margin (outside spacing) for an element
83. Margin-top- Sets the top margin (outside spacing) for an element
84. Max-height-Sets the maximum height for an element.
85. Max-width- Sets the maximum width for an element.
86. Min- height- Sets the minimum height for an element.
87. Min-width-Sets the minimum width for an element.
88. List-style- Defines the markers (bullet points) for items in a list.
89. List-style-image-Defines an image markers (bullet points) for items in a list.
90. List-style-position-Sets the marker (bullet point) positions for items in a list
91. Page-break-after- Adds a print page-break after an element.
92. Page-break-before- Adds a print page-break before an element
93. Page-break-inside- Specifies if print page-break is allowed inside an element
94. Perspective- Adds perspective to a 3D-positioned element
95. Transition-delay- Creates a delay before the transition effect starts
96. Transition-duration- Specifies the time the transition will take
97. Transition-property- Specifies the CSS property that will transition
98. Transition-timing-function-Defines the speed curve function of the transition
99. User-select- Specifies how text can be selected (highlighted)
100. Vertical-align- Specifies vertical alignment of an element
